Support Flink monitoring (#13172)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/backend/backend-flink-monitoring.md

# Flink monitoring

## Flink server performance from built-in metrics data
SkyWalking leverages OpenTelemetry Collector to transfer the flink metrics to
[OpenTelemetry receiver](opentelemetry-receiver.md) and into the [Meter System](./../../concepts-and-designs/mal.md).

## Data flow

> 1. Configure Flink jobManager and TaskManager to expose metrics data for scraping from Prometheus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure Flink jobManager and TaskManager to expose metrics data for scraping through Prometheus endpoint.
```
